Dev 877 update readme md to match new configurations (#652)
bepronetwork/web-network: docs/AUTHENTICATION.md

## 1. NEXTAUTH

> The authentication in the project is composed by two parts;  A Metamask Wallet and a [Github Provider](https://next-auth.js.org/providers/github) using [NextAuth](next-auth.js.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication in the project is composed by two parts: a Metamask Wallet and a [Github Provider](https://next-auth.js.org/providers/github) using [NextAuth](next-auth.js.org).
```

> NextAuth required a environment key to be able to use JWT, so for generate the key, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NextAuth requires a environment key to be able to use JWT, so to generate the key, run:
```
